# Yeehaws_Pokes

Yeehaws & Pokes is a place where students can round up good deals on school materials or bring in extra cash by selling their unused school supplies. They can get rid of their textbooks and unused supplies while helping other students obtain needed textbooks and supplies. It’s a win-win situation for all. Right now, in order to get necessary books and materials for classes, McNeese students either have to shop at the bookstore, which usually has unnecessary long wait times in the lines, or they have to shop online at retailers like Ebay and Amazon in hopes that their package gets there on time and safely. Shopping at these places can also become pricey for college students trying to save money. Yeehaws & Pokes alleviates the need to wait in a long bookstore line and allows students to get better prices on textbooks and other supplies, while allowing students to obtain the required materials locally in Lake Charles. This online marketplace is beneficial for the student community by providing a medium that is efficient, price-friendly, and local for McNeese students. 

In the Yeehaws & Pokes marketplace application, users can look for items under the specific categories listed on the site. There is a category for textbooks and other reading materials, electronics, office supplies, home decor, and other miscellaneous things that users can post onto the site. Once the user selects a category, they will be directed to the corresponding page that shows a list of items posted in that category that the user can look through. If the user finds something that interests them within that category, they can click the item to see more information. Once they click the item, the user will be directed to the corresponding item page that contains details about the particular item they selected. The user will be able to see information such as the item’s title, a picture of the item, a description about the item, the item’s price, the condition of the item, and the contact information of the seller. Users also have the ability to list their own items to sell. On the “Sell” section of the web application, the user will have to fill out a form with all the necessary information in order to list their item. Once successfully listed, the user’s items will be on the site and can be found under the category the item was listed under. 
  
To complete this project, different technologies were used respectively. To give structure to the web application, Hyper Text Markup Language (HTML) was used. This was the start of the foundation for Yeehaws & Pokes. Then, after the structure was becoming finalized, Cascading StyleSheets (CSS) was used to give our site its signature look. Throughout the development process, the CSS styling was tweaked to better fit the needs of our application and users. In our project, we also used JavaScript to give the application functionality while using the application. In order to store our data, we used MySQL to create a database and its respective tables needed to hold information about the items listed on our site and about the users on our site. Once the database was created, we used PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor (PHP) to communicate with the database from the web application. Another technology we used in this project was Android Studio. We used it to create a webview to display the contents from the web application. By using the webview, users are able to access Yeehaws & Pokes from their mobile devices as well. The mobile application brings all the convenient features of Yeehaws & Pokes directly to the users thumbs with the press of a button.
